the UN Secretary General has just begun
speaking let's listen
in the horrific Terror attacks by Hamas
on Israel that killed more than 1,200
people and injured thousands more last
Saturday were followed by intense
bombardment of Gaza that has already
killed 1,800 people and injured
thousands
more after the a strikes the Israeli
Defense Forces have ordered the
Palestinians in Gaza City and its
surroundings to move to the south of the
territory moving more than 1 million
people across a densely populated war
zone to a place with no food water or
accommodation when the entire territory
is under siege is extremely dangerous
and in some cases simply not
possible hospitals in the south of Gaza
are already at capacity and will not be
able to accept thousands of new patients
from the north
the health system is on the brink of
collapse morgs are
overflowing 11 Health Care staff have
been killed while on duty and there have
been 34 attacks on else facilities in
the past few
days the entire territory faces a Water
Crisis as infrastructure has been
damaged and there is no electricity to
power pumps and desalinization
plants our United Nations staff and our
partners are working around the clock to
support the people of Gaza we mourn for
our colleagues who have been killed a
number that is increasing by the
day I've been in constant contact with
the leaders across the region focus on
ways to reduce suffering and prevent
further dangerous escalation in the West
Bank or elsewhere in the region
especially in southern
Lebanon the exchange of fire across the
blue line is very worrying it must stop
we need immediate humanitarian access
throughout Gaza so that we can get Fel
food and water to everyone in need even
Wars have rules International
humanitarian law and human rights law
must be respected and upheld civilians
must be protected and also never use the
Shields and all hostages in Gaza must be
released
immediately it is imperative that all
parties and those who influence who have
influence over them to do everything
possible to achieve these
steps finally I want to say something
about the hatred that is being stoked by
this terrible conflict across the Middle
East and around the world de humanizing
language that incites violence is never
accepted I call on all leaders to speak
out against anti-Semitism anti-muslim
bigotry and eight speech of all kinds
this is a time for the International
Community to come together around
protecting civilians and finding a
lasting solution to this unending CLE of
deaths and destruction thank
you